hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and this is my review of the Lenovo
yoga 700 so there's quite a few good
tune 1 devices out there to choose from
but most of them are kind of geared
towards productivity or media
consumption very few of them are capable
of playing 3d games well mostly because
they don't have like a discrete GPU
inside them but this one does let's take
a look ok the laptop comes in the box
protected in foam bumpers and it comes
with an AC adapter it's a pretty plain
looking laptop the entire device is in
case in this black plastic and it has a
very slight rubbery feel to it it's not
like your regular soft touch finish but
it has some grip to it the bottom has
the air intake vent here and the exhaust
is in the back and if you remove some
screws you can access the internals so
you can upgrade the storage drive and
RAM but keep in mind it only has room
for a single stick of RAM around the
sides we have a USB 2 port that doubles
as the charging socket a USB 3 port and
audio jack and a pretty shallow SD card
slot and on the right we have another
USB 3 mini HDMI a volume rocker and
rotation lock for the tablet mode and
there's also a recovery button to reset
the device with the power button the
build quality is great I mean the screen
is really sturdy with very little flex
and the keyboard air is also really
rigid mostly because it's metal and the
hinge is also very well made it's not as
cool-looking as like the watchband hinge
on the more expensive yogas but it has
the same positions and the build quality
is fantastic it's heavier than the yoga
900 or the yoga 3 Pro at
three-and-a-half pounds and it's not
super comfortable to hold
one-handed for long-term use but if
you're using while you're seated or if
you're lying down it's no problem
so this unit here has a skylake i7
running a 2.5 gigahertz a 14 inch 1080p
screen GTX 940m eight gigs of ram 256
gigs of solid-state storage and it goes
for around $900 now there's some low
respect models without the Nvidia chip
that started around $800 on the inside
the palm rest is a brushed aluminum now
Lenovo normally make some of the best
keyboards in the business but I don't
love this one so the layout takes a
little time to get used to the enter key
is missing that segment that makes it a
little wider at the bottom so you'll
often be hitting this
instead and key travel is a little
shallow at one point two millimeters
it's not a bad keyboard overall the
backlighting is nice and it's not
cramped but I've come to expect really
good keyboards from Lenovo and this one
is just pretty good the texture of the
plastic trackpad is a little too smooth
for my liking and the buttons need quite
a bit of force to trigger at least more
than most laptops but the tracking is
good and that's the thing if it's
responsive and it doesn't skip around
I'm good with it the screen is a 14 inch
1080p touchscreen it's an IPS panel so
the contrast and the viewing angles are
really good but it's not a very bright
screen it's not bad indoors but when you
using it outdoors or just in a really
bright environment you might have a
tough time with the screen especially
with that glossy finish the color gamut
is also not great even after calibration
the screen isn't particularly color
accurate okay let's talk performance the
drive speeds are pretty good it's just
like your standard high-end SATA Drive
and gaming performance is pretty solid
for a two-in-one device keep in mind
it's a GT 940m so it's not as powerful
as your standard mid-tier gaming laptop
with the 960m but it's still very
capable for light to moderately
demanding games so csgo and MOBAs will
comfortably play at medium settings
you'll hover around 50 frames per second
net medium and it'll drop once in a
while so if you need to have 60 frames
per second or higher you're going to
need to run on low with everything
turned off but it's a pretty fluid
gaming experience at medium rainbow 6
siege is a little more demanding and
depending on the map you'll get around
55 60 frames per second on low graphics
but only around 45 frames per second on
medium settings and if you want to play
stuff like GTA 5 or witcher 3 yeah this
isn't that kind of laptop even at lowest
settings and running at lowest res it's
not a comfortable gaming experience it
has a 45 watt hour battery inside and
battery life isn't bad just remember
that the screen doesn't get that bright
so I often had it at a hundred percent
brightness when I used it then I got
around four and a half hours of regular
use like browsing the web and media
consumption and playing games I got a
little more than an hour
also the lenovo devices that use these
like shaped USB 2 ports for charging
they always take a long time to charge
so a full charge takes almost 3 hours
and the other thing is that the AC
adapter is like a real estate hog at the
wall you can't use a second plug at the
wall socket the speakers are located
underneath and they sound pretty average
for a laptop they have a weak base the
numbers
cloud but they don't sound terrible and
the fans are quiet they're silent at
idle and around mid-30s on load and the
thermals are also very reasonable
nothing uncomfortably hot even at
sustained maximum load ok the yoga 700
for $900 you get a tune one with
excellent build quality with a plastic
exterior and a metal frame but it's a
little heavy for a tablet use you get a
screen that isn't very bright or color
accurate but for the price it's not too
bad the keyboard is okay but it doesn't
live up to the Lenovo legacy the
trackpad however is pretty good it
doesn't miss inputs or clicks inside the
skylake i7 and the GT 940m are
sufficient for most kinds of basic work
and it handles light gains reasonably
well the eight gigs of ram and the SATA
storage are really good but upgradable
if you need and lastly the 45 watt hour
battery will last you around four or
five hours of regular use okay I really
like the yoga 700 it's certainly not a
device that's for everyone but for all
the two and one devices that I've seen
this is actually one of my favorites
mostly because of that GT 940 inside of
it now it's not the most ergonomic
device when you use it as a tablet so if
your primary reason to get this thing is
to use it as a tablet like if you wanted
for media consumption in tablet form or
if you want to use it for work in tablet
form
I wouldn't recommend this there are
probably better devices out there for
you than this but if you want to use it
for just a regular computing stuff and
you like to play 3d games like light 3d
games and you want something I can
double as a tablet once in a while this
is a really cool machine that's the end
of this review hope you guys liked it
thumbs if you did subs if you loved it
it's been nice I'll see you guys next
time
you